Remove dbt-core dependency (#81)
PicnicSupermarket/dbt-score: docs/get_started.md

pip install dbt-score
```

> In order to run `dbt-score` with all it's features, ensure to install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run `dbt-score` with all its features, be sure to install
```

> `dbt-score` in the same environment as `dbt-core` as some features require
> `dbt-core` to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dbt-score` in the same environment as `dbt-core`.
```
Simplify sentence
